( radio static )
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
( man )
1-0-1, BRAVO LIMA,
COME IN, OVER.
1-0-1,
BRAVO LIMA,
I CAN'T HAVE YOU SITTING
IN THE MIDDLE OF MY RUNWAY,
RESPOND, OVER.
THIS IS BUCK KENDALL
TRYING YOU AGAIN.
1-0-1,
BRAVO LIMA,
YOU GOTTA MOVE IT,
AND I MEAN NOW NOT LATER.
WHY DO ALL THE WEIRD ONES
HAVE TO FLY AT NIGHT ?
OKAY.
YOU DON'T
WANNA MOVE...
I'LL MOVE YOUMYSELF.
OKAY, LET'S ROLL IT
OFF ON THE GRASS.
CURTAINS ?
HEY, HEY,
HEY, BUDDY !
BUDDY !
YOU IN THERE,
FRIEND ?
GOOD LORD !
WHAT HAPPENED
INHERE?
OH, JESUS...
SAVE ME.
MA'AM, WHEN THESEALIENS
WERE EXAMINING YOU,
WAS THERE ANY
PENETRATION INVOLVED ?
A 14-YEAR-OLD
TENNIS STAR
SHOULDN'T BE SHOOTIN' UP
ON HEROIN ANYWAY !
IT'LL MESS UP
HER BACKHAND !
FRONTAL NUDITY,
BACKALNUDITY,SIDE-ALNUDITY,
HE'S FAMOUS ENOUGH,
WE'LL PRINT WHATEVER YOU GOT.
YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT,
WHAT TIME ?
( woman )
TATTOO ?
YEAH, HE DO.
LET ME SEE THAT.
HEY !
GIVE THAT BACK !
WHERE'S
MY PICTURE ?
WHERE'S MY GODDAMN
DEAD BABY ?!
I TOLD YOU BEFORE, LIBBY,
DO NOT FUCK WITH MY STUFF.
AND I TOLD YOU BEFORE,
DON'TFUCKWITH ME.
MORRISON CUT YOUR
GODDAMN DEAD BABY.
YOU GOT A PROBLEM
WITH THAT, HOTSHOT,
TAKE IT UP
WITH HIM.
( grunting )
( man )
LET ME TELL YOU WHAT
"INSIDE VIEW" IS, MISS BLAIR...
IT'S A MICROSCOPE...
A CULTURAL MICROSCOPE
FOCUSING IN ON
THE COLLECTIVE UNCONSCIOUS
OF THE AMERICAN
POPULACE.
NOW WHAT WE DO HERE AT
"INSIDE VIEW", KATHERINE,
IS IDENTIFY AND DEFINE
THE CULTURAL ARCHETYPE
OF THE
AMERICAN MIND.
NOW, READ THAT
LIST BACK TO ME,
THE STORIES I WANT YOU
LOOKING FOR.
ALIEN ABDUCTIONS...
AMUSING
ANIMAL STORIES...
ATTACKS ON
THE HANDICAPPED.
ONLY IF
IT HAS A TWIST,
SOME KIND OF KINKY SEX
IN THERE OR SOMETHING.
BATTERED WIVES...
BIZARRE
BODY FUNCTIONS...
BREAST SURGERY
HORROR STORIES.
THAT'S ALWAYS GOOD.
"C", CELEBRITIES...
ADDICTED, PERVERTED,
DYING, DEAD.
AND OF COURSE
BACK FROM THE DEAD.
DEMONIC POSSESSION...
JUST BECAUSE YOU
DON'T HAVE ANY BALLS
DOESN'T MEAN YOU CAN
CUT MINE OFF.
'MORNING,
RICHARD.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT I HAD TO DO
WITH THAT MORGUE ATTENDANT
TO GET
THAT PICTURE ?
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW COLD THOSE SLABS ARE ?
KATHERINE, THIS EMOTIONALLY
UNSTABLE INDIVIDUAL
IS RICHARD DEES,
OUR SENIOR REPORTER.
KATHERINE BLAIR.
IT'S VERY NICE
TO MEET YOU.
DID HE SPOUT OFF
ABOUT THAT
COLLECTIVE UNCONSCIOUSNESS
CRAP YET ?
KATHERINE,
WE'LL FINISH THIS LATER.
SURE,
NO PROBLEM.
THANK YOU, MR. MORRISON,
FOR EVERYTHING.
I WON'T
LET YOU DOWN.
WELCOME TO "INSIDE VIEW",
KATHERINE.
THANKS.
IT WAS
NICE MEETING YOU.
WHAT ABOUT
MY PICTURE ?
WE ALL
LOVE YOUR PICTURES,
BUT IN THE FUTURE,
JUST AS A ROUGH GUIDELINE,
LET'S KEEP THE VICTIMS
OVER TWO YEARS OLD, OKAY ?
NOW SIT DOWN, PLEASE,
I GOTTA SHOW YOU SOMETHING.
SORRY,
MR. MORRISON,
I FORGOT
MY PURSE.
THANK YOU.
SO WHAT DO YOU
THINK OF KATHERINE ?
ANOTHER
JIMMY OLSEN.
SHE DOESN'T HAVE
MUCH EXPERIENCE
BUT SHE'S SHARP,
GOOD INSTINCTS,
GREAT ASS.
DID YOU
MENTION TO HER
WHY THE POSITION
OPENED UP ?
OF COURSE I DIDN'T,
I WANTED TOHIREHER,
NOT SCARE HER AWAY.
THERE'S NO REASON SHE NEEDS
TO KNOW ABOUT DOTTIE.
ANYWAY, LOOK,
HERE'S YOUR NEXT ASSIGNMENT.
I THOUGHT I WAS DOING
NINA BRIGGS.
SHE'S DOWN TO 75 POUNDS,
SHE WON'T BE AROUND FOR LONG.
SHE CAN STAY OR GO,
WHO CARES ?
A COUNTRY STAR WITH AIDS ?
THAT'S WAY TOO SOFT
A STORY FOR YOU.
BESIDES, THIS IS
MUCH MORE UP YOUR ALLEY.
THIS IS GONNA BE A BIG ONE,
RICHARD, REALLY BIG.
A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE GONNA
WANNA READ ABOUT THIS GUY.
THERE'S NOTHING HERE.
A MAN...
NO, A MAN WHO THINKS
HE'S MORE THAN A MAN.
FLIES INTO DESOLATE AIRPORTS
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT,
AND KILLS WHATEVER POOR SCHMUCK
HAPPENS TO BE AROUND...
DRAINS THE BODY
OF THE BLOOD.
THEN HE
FLIES AWAY AGAIN
IN SEARCH OF HIS NEXT
UNSUSPECTING VICTIM.
AND HE CALLS HIMSELF
DWIGHT RENFIELD.
DWIGHT JUST HAPPENS TO BE
THE FIRST NAME OF AN ACTOR
NAMED DWIGHT FRY,
WHO PLAYED THE ROLE
OF RENFIELD,
THE BUG EATING LUNATIC
IN THE 1931 VERSION
OF "DRACULA".
C'MON, RICHARD,
THAT'S NOT A STORY ?!
THE GUY'S A MOVIE FAN,
SO WHAT ?
VAMPIRES ARE A DIME A DOZEN
IN THE TABS.
NEXT TIME THIS PSYCHO GOES OUT
THEY'RE GONNA NAIL HIM.
WHY IS THAT ?
THEY'VE GOT THE MAKE OF
HIS PLANE AND THE TAIL NUMBER.
IF YOU WANTED
TO ROB BANKS,
WOULD YOU DO IT WITH THE SAME
CAR AND LICENSE PLATE
EVERY TIME ?
NO ONE'S
CAUGHT HIMYET.
LOOK, PUT THAT PILOT LICENSE
AND PLANE OF YOURS TO SOME USE.
BESIDES, YOU'RE GOOD WITH
THE HICKS, YOU'RE THE BEST.
THANK YOU.
YOU NEED THIS ONE, RICHARD,
TAKE MY WORD ON IT.
YOUR WORK HAS BEEN
A LITTLE LACKING LATELY.
YOU HAVEN'T HIT
THE FRONT PAGES INMONTHS,
AND THIS IS
FRONT PAGE MATERIAL !
THIS IS A WASTE OF SPACE
IS WHAT IT IS.
IT'S A WASTE
OF MY TIME.
I'LL STILL GONNA RUN IT,
WITH OR WITHOUT YOU !
AND IT'S GONNA BE
A SCREAMER, GUARANTEE IT !
WHY DON'T YOU
GIVE IT TO JIMMY ?
SOMETHING NICE AND JUICY FOR HER
TO SINK HER TEETH INTO.
FUCKING PRICK !
( car starts )
"LACKING" MY ASS.
( Richard )
OH,SHIT!
HI, MR. DEES.
HI.
I'M KATHERINE BLAIR,
WE MET THIS MORNING
IN MR. MORRISON'S OFFICE.
YOU REMEMBER ME ?
I REMEMBER YOU,
JIMMY.
"JIMMY."
AS IN "OLSEN".
YOU MIND
IF I JOIN YOU ?
DO I HAVE A CHOICE ?
NO.
SO...
WHAT AN EXCITING FIRST DAY
THIS TURNED OUT TO BE.
I ALREADY GOT
MY FIRST ASSIGNMENT,
A PIECE ABOUT
A PSYCHO PILOT
WHO THINKS
HE'S A VAMPIRE.
I KNOW, I ALREADY
PISSED ON IT--
I PASSED ON IT.
WHY ARE
YOU HERE ?
I DOUBT YOU FOLLOWED ME
JUST TO SHOOT THE SHIT.
I DIDN'T
FOLLOW YOU.
I WAS JUST--
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU'RE HERE NOW,
WHAT DO YOU WANT ?
WELL, OKAY...
I GUESS
I WAS HOPING
THATYOUCOULD GIVE ME THE
INSIDE VIEW OF "INSIDE VIEW".
WHO BETTER TO LEARN FROM
THAN THE PAPER'S STAR REPORTER ?
MAYBE YOU COULD SHARE
YOUR PHILOSOPHY WITH ME.
MY "PHILOSOPHY".
YOUR SECRET, FOR STAYING
ON TOP SO LONG.
I'D LOVE
TO HEAR IT.
THAT IS
IF YOU HAVE ONE.
UH...
OKAY.
HERE IT IS,
YOU BETTER TAKE NOTES...
NEVER BELIEVE
WHAT YOU PUBLISH...
AND NEVER PUBLISH
WHAT YOU BELIEVE.
WHAT'S THE MATTER,
I TALK TOO FAST ?
I GUESS I WAS
JUST EXPECTING
SOMETHING MORE.
FROM SOMEONE WHO THINKS
OF HIMSELF AS A--
AS A WHAT ?
WELL...
A REAL REPORTER.
HA !
HA-HA !
LET ME
ASK YOU A QUESTION.
WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT BEING A REAL REPORTER ?
GODDAMNIT !
I'M SORRY, I DIDN'T
MEAN TO OFFEND YOU.
WHY DON'T
WE START OVER ?
I KNOW YOUR STORY, HONEY,
I HEARD IT A MILLION TIMES.
YOU COME FROM LOCKPORT
OR ROCKPORT,
OR BRIDGEPORT,
OR EUGENE, OREGON,
OR SOME
GODDAMN PLACE.
YOU TRIED TO GET INTO
COLUMBIA OR YALE,
BUT YOU ENDED UP
AT ILLINOIS STATE, DIDN'T YOU ?
THEN YOU
INTERNED FOR
"THE EXAMINER"
OR "THE PATRIOT".
HELP ME HERE,
PLEASE.
"THE HERALD."
YOU COVERED EVERYTHING
FROM CAKE SALES,
TO DOG SHOWS,
TO CLASS REUNIONS.
BUT THAT GOT A LITTLE
MUNDANE FOR YOU, DIDN'T IT ?
SO YOU CAME TO US FOR JUST
A LITTLE MORE SPICE.
OF COURSE THE MONEY,
STOP ME IF I'M WRONG HERE.
WHAT ARE YOU GETTING AT,
MR. DEES ?
YOU'VE BEEN
HERE BEFORE, JIMMY,
AND YOU'LL
BE HERE AGAIN.
THE FACES CHANGE
BUT THE END IS ALWAYS THE SAME.
YOU WON'T LAST.
MAYBE
I'LL SURPRISE YOU.
MAYBE YOU WILL.
MAYBE YOU'LL STICK AROUND
FOR A WHILE...
END UP
JUST LIKE DOTTIE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT ?
YOU WANT MY INSIDE VIEW
OF "INSIDE VIEW"...
ALRIGHT,
I'LL GIVE IT TO YA.
AND IT AIN'T ABOUT NO FUCKING
PHILOSOPHY, BELIEVE ME.
"INSIDE VIEW" IS AN
ILLUSTRATION OF THE INSANE.
IT'S A DIARY OF THE DERANGED
AND DANGEROUSLY SICK...
KINDERGARTEN TEACHERS
SETTING FIRE TO THEIR STUDENTS
BECAUSE THEY THINK
THESE 5-YEAR-OLDS
ARE PLOTTING
THEIR EXECUTIONS.
SATANIC BIKER CULTS
SLAUGHTERING HITCHHIKERS,
BUT, HERE'S
THE FUN PART...
AFTER TALKING
TO THESE CRAZY PEOPLE
ALL DAY,
EVERY SINGLE DAY,
SOMETIMES THEIR STORIES
CAN GET TO YOU.
CREEPING LIKE SOME
FUCKING CANCER
AND PRETTY SOON ALL THE SHIT
STARTS MAKING SENSE.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED
TO DOTTIE WALSH.
REAL GO-GETTER,
JUST LIKE YOU.
SHE STARTED TO BELIEVE
IN THE UNBELIEVABLE.
NOT MORE THAN A YEAR
AFTER DOTTIE WAS HIRED...
SHE WAS DEAD.
WENT HOME ONE NIGHT
AND TOOK A BATH
WITH A DRY CLEANING BAG
WRAPPED AROUND HER HEAD.
BYE, BYE, DOTTIE...
HELLO, JIMMY.
MADE FOR A KILLER
HEADLINE, THOUGH.
I'M SORRY
I BOTHERED YOU.
THAT'S OKAY.
I THOUGHT MAYBE
WE COULD BE FRIENDS, BUT--
YEAH, WELL.
I GUESS
I WAS WRONG.
JIMMY...
LISTEN TO ME NOW,
I DON'THAVEFRIENDS.
I'VE GOT MY CAMERA,
MY PLANE AND MY STORIES,
THAT'S ALL I WANT
AND THAT'S ALL I NEED.
SO, IF YOU
WANT A FRIEND,
BUY A DOG.
NO HARD FEELINGS.
( man )
HELP ME !
HELP ME,
( crashing sounds )
( man )
HELP ME, HELP ME !
( man gagging )
ALRIGHT, WHAT'S SO
GODDAMN IMPORTANT ?
OUR BATTY FRIEND...
HAS STRUCK AGAIN.
IS THAT SO ?
LAST NIGHT,
DUFFREY, MARYLAND.
A LITTLE PISSANT TOWN
60 MILES OUTSIDE OF WASHINGTON.
GOT CLEAN AWAY, TOO.
YOU SHOULDN'T LET IT
BOTHER YOU, RICHARD.
AFTER ALL THIS IS
AYOUNGMAN'S BUSINESS...
OR YOUNGWOMAN'S.
THAT'S RIGHT,
KATHERINE FOUND IT.
SOMEHOW SHE TAPPED
INTO A NETWORK
OF LOCAL LAW
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES
WHAT THAT
COMPUTER OF HERS...
SEARCHED THROUGH
100 MURDER WIRES
TO FIND ONE THAT FIT
OUR BAD BOY'S M.O.,
HAD THE INFORMATION,
WAITING FOR ME,
ON MY DESK.
NOWTHAT
IS AMBITION.
GIVE ME THE FILE.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY,
THAT I WAS WRONG ?
JUST THAT YOU
MIGHT'VE BEEN WRONG ?
YOU KNOW WHAT
A PUSSYCAT I AM.
OKAY, I MIGHT'VE BEEN WRONG,
YOU HAPPY NOW ?
HOW VERY LARGE-HEARTED
OF YOU TO ADMIT IT.
FIRST THIS GUY
CLAIRE BOWIE IN MAINE,
THEN BUCK KENDALL
IN NEW YORK.
AND NOW RAY AND
ELLEN SARCH IN MARYLAND.
THERE'S DEFINITELY A STORY HERE
THAT NEEDS TO BE TOLD.
AND I THINK I HEAR DWIGHT
CALLINGYOURNAME RICHARD.
ANYBODY FROM THE STRAIGHT PRESS
PICK UP ON THIS ?
IF YOU'RE ASKING
IF ANYONE'S SUGGESTING
THERE'S A SERIAL KILLER
FLYING AROUND OUT THERE,
THE ANSWER'S NO.
BUT THE FAA AND COPS
ARE TRYING TO
KEEP THIS HUSH-HUSH.
HERE THEY ARE,
MR. MORRISON.
WE NEED TO KNOW
WHICH ONE TO RUN,
WE GO TO PRESS
IN 20 MINUTES.
WHAT'S THAT ?
IT'S TOMORROW'S
EDITION...
IF YOU WANT IT
TO BE, THAT IS.
SO...
WHAT'S IT GONNA BE ?
YOU SON-OF-A-BITCH.
IS THAT A YES ?
RUN IT.
WHAT'S THAT, PLAN "B",
AS IN BLAIR ?
NOT IMPORTANT.
I WANNA RUN
THIS GUY'S BACK TRAIL
STARTING WITH THE
FIRST MURDER WE KNOW ABOUT,
UP IN MAINE,
RIGHT ?
WHAT ABOUT YOUR
NINA BRIGGS STORY ?
FUCK NINA BRIGGS.
NOT ME !
THERE IS ONE
SMALL PROBLEM, RICHARD.
KATHERINE, I'M AFRAID
I HAVE SOME BAD NEWS.
THE STORY IS MINE,
YOU GAVE IT TOME.
LOOKS LIKE
HE'S TAKING IT BACK.
I APOLOGIZE ABOUT THIS,
BUT DEES IS BACK ON THE STORY.
NOW GIVE HIM YOUR FILES
IF YOU WOULD.
MR. MORRISON,
IF I--
PLEASE, I MADE MY DECISION,
JUST DO IT.
THANK YOU,
DEAR.
I SUPPOSE
YOU WANT THIS TOO ?
I HAVE MY OWN
PLANE, THANKS.
HOW YOU DOING,
FRIEND ?
DON'T BELIEVE
I KNOWYOU,MISTER.
MY NAME'S RICHARD DEES,
I'M A REPORTER.
I WAS WONDERING IF I CAN
TALK TO YOU FOR A MINUTE.
EZRA HANNON.
I FIX THINGS AROUND HERE,
WORK THE PLANES.
WHAT PAPER YOU SAY
YOU'RE FROM ?
"INSIDE VIEW",
YOU KNOW IT ?
OH, YEAH.
MY WIFE MARTHA
READS YOUR PAPER.
AFTER SHE'S
DONE WITH IT
I USE IT TO LINE
OUR KITTY'S TOILET BOX.
SOAK'S UP THAT
CAT PISS REAL GOOD.
THEN YOU WON'T MIND
ANSWERING A FEW QUESTIONS.
YOU WANNA TALK TO ME
ABOUT THE KILLING
OF MY FRIEND CLAIRE BOWIE,
DON'T YOU ?
HOW DID
YOU KNOW THAT ?
AIN'T NO OTHER REASON
CITY FOLKS VISIT THESE PARTS,
EXCEPT SOMETHING BAD HAPPENS,
AND THIS WAS...
REAL BAD.
BUT I GOTTA
TELL YOU,
I ALREADY TOLD EVERYTHING
I KNOW TO THE POLICE.
BUT, SEE,
I'M NOT THE POLICE.
THIS'LL ONLY
TAKE A FEW MINUTES
SO IF YOU
DON'T MIND.
I SUPPOSE
IT'LL BE ALRIGHT.
SPEAK LOUD AND CLEARLY
AND YOU TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED
THE NIGHT THAT
CLAIRE WAS MURDERED.
IT ALL BEGAN THE NIGHT
BEFORECLAIRE WAS MURDERED.
THE NIGHT THAT BASTARD
FLEW IN HERE.
THAT PLANE WAS A
BLACK SKY MASTER, RIGHT ?
3-3-7,
WITH RED PIPING,
TAIL NUMBER 1-0-1,
BRAVO LIMA ?
IT WAS ONE OF THEM
SKY MASTERS ALRIGHT.
AT LEAST
I THINK IT WAS.
I CAN'T SAY AS I REMEMBER
THE TAIL NUMBER...
BECAUSE I DON'T.
AIN'T THAT
THE DAMNDEST THING ?
DOESN'T MATTER.
DOESN'T MATTER AT ALL,
YOU JUST GO ON AHEAD NOW.
THE NIGHT SHIFT
BELONGED TO CLAIRE.
QUIET MOST TIME,
BUT NOT THAT NIGHT.
NO, SIR...
NOT THAT NIGHT.
( plane approaching )
( Ezra )
MY SHIFT WAS OVER
AND I WAS LOADING UP
TO HEAD HOME...
THAT'S WHEN
HECAME DOWN.
LET ME TELL YOU,
MISTER...
RIGHT FROM THE GET-GO
THAT FELLA
DIDN'T SEEM PROPER.
JUST SORTAOFF.
( Richard )
WHY WAS THAT ?
( Ezra )
HE WAS WEARING
A BIG CLOAK.
HE WAS.
RED AS A FIRE ENGINE
INSIDE,
BLACK AS A WOODCHUCK'S
ASSHOLEOUTSIDE.
AND WHEN IT
SPREAD OUT BEHIND HIM,
IT LOOKED LIKE A GODDAMN
BAT'S WING, IT DID.
COME TO WORK ABOUT 7:00
THAT NEXT MORNING,
HEADED TO CHAT WITH CLAIRE
BEFORE HE WENT HOME,
LIKE I ALWAYS DID.
'MORNING !
CLAIRE ?!
( Ezra )
I GOTTA TELL YA...
CLAIRE SEEMED A BIT
ODD THAT DAY...
NOT QUITE HIMSELF.
THIS SOME SORT OF
NEW SERVICE, CLAIRE ?
CLAIRE ?
JUST DOING
MY PART IS ALL.
SAW YOU HAD A
NIGHT FLIER LAST NIGHT.
THIS HIM ?
YEAH.
DWIGHT RENFIELD...
FLEW IN
FROM DERRY.
NICE FELLA...
DIFFERENT...
SAID HE WAS
LEAVING TONIGHT.
SAID HE'D STOP BACK
TO SAY GOODBYE.
( Ezra )
LOOKED LIKE
HE CAME BACK ALRIGHT.
CAN'T IMAGINE
IT BEING ANYONE ELSE.
CAME BACK AND RIPPED
MY FRIEND'S THROAT
CLEAN OUT
FROM HIS NECK...
AND LEFT HIM
DEAD AS DIRT IN WINTER.
UGLY WAY TO DIE.
SO THE PLANE WAS THERE
THE WHOLE DAY ?
YEAH.
DID CLAIRE MENTION
CALLING A CAB
FOR THE PILOT
TO TAKE TO A MOTEL ?
THERE DOESN'T
SEEM TO BE ANY
WITHIN
WALKING DISTANCE.
NO, I DON'T REMEMBER ABOUT
CLAIRE SAYING AWORD
ABOUT CALLING
A FELLA A CAB.
WHAT ABOUT
A LIMO ?
DIDN'T SAY NOTHIN'
ABOUT NO LIMO NEITHER.
AND HE WOULD'VE
MENTIONED THAT.
CHECK TAXI,
LIMOUSINE SERVICES.
SEEN ONE MORE
THING, TOO.
MIGHT NOT
MEAN NOTHING,
BUT THEN AGAIN
IT MIGHT.
STRUCKMEPECULIAR.
SO GIVE...
SEEN SOMETHING STRANGE
UNDER THAT PLANE.
I DID.
TELL ME.
BIG PILE OF DIRT
RIGHT UNDER
THE LUGGAGE BAY IT WAS...
NASTY STUFF,
LIKE WHERE
SOMETHING HAD DIED.
YOU'RE GOING
AFTER HIM,
AIN'T YOU ?
YOU BEST BE
CAREFUL.
THIS FELLA WHO
KILLED OLD CLAIRE,
HE AIN'T NO MAN.
THANKS FOR
YOUR INPUT.
NOT SCARY ENOUGH,
CLAIRE.
( loud thundering )
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE, MISTER ?
YOU SCARED THE SHIT
OUT OF ME, BUDDY !
YOU DO THIS
TO CLAIRE ?
NO, I DIDN'T,
BUT I THINK THE GUY WHO DID
JUST RAN THAT WAY.
I DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE
OR WHAT YOU WANT.
WE RESPECT THE DEAD
AROUND HERE, MISTER.
I SUGGEST
YOU DO THE SAME.
YOU MIGHT BE JOINING CLAIRE
SOONER THAN YOUTHINK.
REALLY.
THANKS FOR
THE ADVICE, TIGER.
YOU'RE A REAL CREDIT
TO HUMANITY.
YOU'LL GET YOURS,
YOU SON-OF-A-BITCH !
I ALREADY
GOT IT.
( thumping )
( loud thump )
I REALLY GOTTA DRINK
SOME MORE OF THAT SHIT.
MUST'VE BEEN THAT KID
FROM THE CEMETERY
AND HIS BOOZED UP
BUDDIES
EXERCISING THEIR
FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS
ON MY MOTEL ROOM WINDOW,
FUCKING HICKS.
IT'S GONNA TAKE A LOT MORE
THAN THAT TO SCARE ME OFF.
I CHECKED OUT
EZRA HANNON'S STORY
WITH THE POLICE,
THEY BACKED UP EVERYTHING
THE OLD GIN-HEAD HAD TO SAY.
THEN I CALLED
THE DERRY AIRPORT
WHERE THIS NUT-BAR
SUPPOSEDLY FLEW OUT
AND THEY NEVER HEARD OF
A DWIGHT RENFIELD
OR A BLACK SKY MASTER
WITH THAT TAIL NUMBER.
SO WHERE THE HELL
DID HE COME FROM ?
AND WHY DIDN'T CLAIRE QUESTION
HIS MISSING FLIGHT PLAN ?
THESE LITTLE HICK AIRFIELDS
ARE ALWAYS USED BY DRUG RUNNERS
TO TRANSPORT
THEIR SHIT.
IF THE FAA FOUND OUT
THAT CLAIRE BOWIE
LET MR. RENFIELD
IN SO EASILY
THEY'D SHUT HIM DOWN
FASTER THAN YOU CAN SAY
"BUM-FUCK COUNTY.
MAINE".
I GUESS CLAIRE DOESN'T
HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT THAT NOW.
ALDERTON, NEW YORK
IS NEXT.
SEE WHAT OTHER MISCHIEF
OUR CAPED CRUSADER
GOT HIMSELF INTO.
YOU MAY NOT
KNOW IT YET, DWIGHT,
BUT YOU'RE GONNA BE
MY ONE WAY TICKET
BACK TO THE FRONT PAGE.
( money shuffling )
( man )
YOU'RE A VERY
GENEROUS MAN, MR. DEES.
( Richard )
ONLY WHEN
I HAVE TO BE.
MUST'VE BEEN A MIGHTY MAN
GOT BUCK KENDALL.
GUY MUST'VE
GOT HIM FROM BEHIND,
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
I CAN FIGURE IT.
WHY DO YOU
SAY THAT ?
BUCK WEIGHED
AROUND 220.
AN EASY MAN
MOST OF THE TIME,
GOD-FEARING
CHRISTIAN.
BUT IF YOU DID GET HIM RILED
HE MADE YOU SORRY.
YOU GOT HERE
RIGHT IN TIME.
I WAS JUST ABOUT
TO SEW HIM UP.
DAMN THAT GLUE !
I HOPE THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN
DURING THE WAKE.
IS THIS WHAT
YOU WANTED TO SEE ?
NO.
THATIS.
( Ezra on tape )
And he kept on washing
that damn plane.
So I said,
Saw you had
a Night Flier last night.
So I said,
Saw you had
a Night Flier.
Night Flier.
NIGHT FLIER.
SWEET.
( phone ringing )
( man )
This is Morton.
IT'S DEES.
WHEREAREYOU,
RICHARD ?
ALDERTON,
NEW YORK.
Oh, Buck Kendall
territory.
GOT MY PICTURE OF THE
NIGHT FLIER'S SECOND VICTIM,
UP CLOSE, PERSONAL
AND DEAD.
DON'T WORRY, HE'S OF AGE,
I CHECKED HIS I.D.
WE'RE CALLIN' HIM
THE NIGHT FLIER NOW, NOT BAD.
Mr. Renfield is not
your typical count.
HOW'S THAT ?
THERE WERE TWO BIG WOUNDS
ON KENDALL'S NECK.
I'M NOT TALKING LITTLE
BELA LUGOSI BITE MARKS,
I'M TALKING ABOUT
MASSIVE HOLES.
THIS GUY'S EITHER GOT TEETH
THE SIZE OF BIG FOOT
OR HE'S RUNNING RAILROAD SPIKES
INTO THEIR NECKS.
THIS IS GREAT SHIT !
THE FATTIES IN
THE SUPERMARKET LINES
ARE GONNA
LOVE THIS GUY.
GOD, I HOPE
HE KILLS MORE PEOPLE !
FAX ME YOUR COPY,
SEND THE PICTURES !
KEEP IT IN YOUR PANTS,
IT'S NOT READY YET.
IT'S GONNA
GET BIGGER.
IT'S GONNA GET WEIRDER
I CAN FELL IT.
SEND ME WHATEVER
THE HELL YOU GOT !
WE ALREADY RAN THE TEASE,
YOU KNOW THAT !
IT'S NOT GONNA
BE READY FOR NEXT WEEK,
YOU GOT THAT ?
YOU'LL GET
YOUR STORY
when I decide it's time
to give it to you.
IN THE MEANTIME STAY
THE FUCK OUT OF MY FACE.
I'M FLYING OUT OF
DUFFREY TOMORROW.
I'LL CALL YOU WHEN
I THINK I HAVE SOMETHING.
IDIOT.
WORKING LATE ?
JUST TRYING TO HIT
THAT DEADLINE, BOSS.
THE PSYCHIC DOGS OF THE STARS
PIECE IS REALLY TOUGH.
WE'RE CALLING HIM THE
NIGHT FLIER NOW, BY THE WAY.
I'M SORRY,
MR. MORRISON,
I JUST COULDN'T
LET IT GO.
I'M NOT
ASKING YOU TO.
BUT YOU'RE NOT GONNA FIND
ALL THE ANSWERS
IN THIS ELECTRONIC
BOX OF YOURS.
THEY'RE OUTTHERE.
DO YOU WANT THIS STORY
BACK, KATHERINE ?
YOU KNOW I DO.
THEN TAPE THAT TICKET
OF YOURS BACK TOGETHER.
DEES NOT RUN THIS PAPER,
IDO.
BRING ME THE NIGHT FLIER
AND THE BYLINE'S YOURS.
BUT I'LL
TELL YA SOMETHING,
IF YOU WANNA
BEAT DEES,
YOU GOTTA PLAY
THE GAME LIKE DEES.
YES.
( sirens )
SHIT !
LOOKS LIKE
BONUS DAY.
MOVE IT ALONG, PAL.
WE GOT ENOUGH
PROBLEMS HERE.
I SAID
MOVE IT ALONG, BUDDY.
GET YOUR HANDS
OFF ME, PAL.
I'M THE
FUCKING PRESS !
JUST DON'T GET
IN THE WAY, ALRIGHT ?
BUCK KENDALL WAS
A ONE NIGHT STAND FOR YOU.
YOU FLEW IN SHORTLY
AFTER 12:00 ON THE 23rd,
SPIKED OL' BUCK DEAD
AND TOOK OFF AGAIN
INTO THE UNFRIENDLY SKIES.
THAT'S NOT THE NORM
FOR YOU, IS IT, PAL ?
YOU LIKE TO LINGER.
WHY ?
MAYBE MOST TIMES YOU WAIT AROUND
UNTIL YOU'RE REALLY HUNGRY
BUT POOR OL' BUCK
WAS A MIDNIGHT SNACK.
YOU BEEN GETTING
UNDER MY SKIN, FELLA.
DOESN'T LOOK LIKE THIS STORY'S
ABOUT TO LET ME GO,
THAT'S OKAY, 'CAUSE
I'M NOT LETTING GO EITHER.
IT'S FUNNY,
WHEN YOUGIVEBLOOD...
THE MOST YOU CAN EXPECT
IS A CUP OF ORANGE JUICE.
BUT WHEN YOUTAKEBLOOD,
YOU GET HEADLINES.
SICK FUCKER.
FILL IT UP ?
HIGH-TEST,
IF YOU PLEASE.
I'M LOOKING FOR
THE DUFFREY AIRPORT.
CAN YOU TELL ME
HOW TO GET THERE ?
SURE I COULD.
AIN'T GONNA DO YOU NO GOOD,
THE PLACE IS CLOSED UP.
I KNOW, I TRIED TO LAND THERE
THIS MORNING,
HAD TO LAND IN
WASHINGTON NATIONAL INSTEAD.
THEN YOU MUST KNOW
ABOUT THE SARCHES.
THAT'S WHY
I'M HERE.
TRYIN' TO FIND OUT
MORE ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED.
YOU A COP
OR SOMETHING ?
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
SO YOU KNEW
THE SARCHES ?
HELL, YEAH,
I KNEW 'EM.
ACTUALLY SAW RAY AND HIS WIFE
THE DAY THEY WERE MURDERED.
THEY STOPPED IN HERE ON
THE WAY HOME THAT AFTERNOON.
I COULD TELL RIGHT AWAY THERE
WAS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THEM.
WHAT DO
YOU MEAN ?
RAY LOOKED ALL
TIRED AND PALE
LIKE HE WAS
SICK OR SOMETHING.
BUT, ELLEN,
SHE WAS LOOKING FINE.
I ALMOST DIDN'T
RECOGNIZE HER.
LET'S GO, RAY.
HONEY.
HE'S WAITING
FOR US.
SELIDA DONE ELLEN UP
REAL GOOD.
WHO ?
SELIDA McCAMON.
SHE WORKS OVER IN TOWN
AT THE BEAUTY BAR.
THAT'S SOMEBODY
YOU SHOULD BE TALKING TO.
SHE BEEN PASSING ALONG SOME
MIGHTY STRANGE STORIES SHE HAS.
( Richard )
DID YOU NOTICE ANYTHING
OUT OF THE ORDINARY ?
JUST THE FACT
THAT ELLEN'S VISITS
WERE USUALLY AS REGULAR
AS CLOCKWORK.
AND THIS TIME SHE CAME IN
AT LEAST TWO WEEKS EARLY.
THAT MIGHT NOT MEAN
ANYTHING TOYOU.
BUT FOR ELLEN SARCH
TO BREAK A ROUTINE
SHE'D BEEN FOLLOWING
FOR THE LAST 20 YEARS,
IT WAS
DOWNRIGHT ODD.
HOW DID ELLEN
SEEM TO YOU ?
DREAMY SOMEHOW.
LIKE A SCHOOLGIRL
WITH A CRUSH.
62 YEARS OLD OR NOT,
HER COLOR WAS SO HIGH
I THOUGHT IT WAS MAKEUP.
WILL IT
BE THE USUAL, EL ?
NO.
SOMETHING DIFFERENT
THIS TIME.
A PERM, I THINK.
AND MAYBE...
A LITTLE BIT
OF COLOR TOO.
AND AS I
WORKED ON HER,
ELLEN TOLD ME ABOUT THAT PILOT
WHO FLEW IN THE NIGHT BEFORE.
I KNEW THEY'D
NEVER MET HIM.
BY THE WAY
SHEWAS TALKING
IT WAS LIKE HE WAS
A LONG LOST FRIEND.
RAY AND ELLEN WELCOMED HIM
WITH OPEN ARMS
INTO THEIR HOME.
THEY EVEN
HAD DINNER,
ACTUALLY WATCHED
A LITTLE TELEVISION.
THE NEXT MORNING
ELLEN CAME TO SEE ME.
SHE WANTED
TO LOOK SENSUOUS.
TO LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
SHE WANTED
TO LOOK YOUNG.
COULD YOU LOOK
THIS WAY, PLEASE ?
THANKS, HON.
( cop )
WHEN YOU FBI BOYS
FIND THIS SON-OF-A-BITCH
GIVE HIM A SWIFT KICK
IN THE TEETH FOR ME.
RAY AND ELLEN
WERE GOOD PEOPLE.
TELL ME ABOUT
THE MURDERS.
TELL ME ABOUT WHAT
YOU FOUND AT THE TRAILER.
NOTHIN' LOOKED OUT OF
THE ORDINARY AT FIRST...
'TILL WE
STEPPED INSIDE...
( cop )
RIGHT AWAY WE KNEW
SOMETHING WAS WRONG.
IT WAS THE SMELL...
WE FOUND
RAY FIRST,
SPRAWLED OUT
AT OUR FEET...
HARDLY ANY BLOOD
ON HIM AT ALL...
SOMETHING ELSE
WAS MISSING TOO.
( Richard )
WHAT'S THAT ?
( cop )
HIS HEAD.
IT WAS SITTING OVER IN
THE FAR CORNER OF THE ROOM,
STARING TOWARD
THE OPEN DOORWAY.
AS IF THERE WERE
ACTUALLY SOMETHING TO SEE.
NEVER SEEN NOTHING
LIKE THAT IN MY LIFE.
AN FAA WARNING FOR THIS GUY
WAS POSTED ON THE WALL.
AND HE WAS THERE ALL NIGHT,
AND ALL THE NEXT DAY,
AND STILL THEY DIDN'T
BLOW THE WHISTLE ON HIM.
IT JUST
MAKES NO SENSE...
POOR ELLEN.
I CAN STILL
SEE HER NOW.
SHE WAS LYING THERE
PALE AS SNOW.
EVERY DROP OF
HER BLOOD GONE TOO.
BUT GODDAMN IF SHE
DIDN'T LOOK AT PEACE.
ALMOST HAPPY, LIKE IT
WAS WHAT SHE WANTED.
( Richard )
WERE THERE ANY STRANGE PUNCTURE
MARKS ON THEIR BODIES ?
HOLES ?
( cop )
THERE WERE HOLES
ALL RIGHT.
HOLES BIG ENOUGH
YOU COULD SIPHON FROM.
WHICH IS WHAT
WE FIGURED HE DID.
HOW HE DIDN'T SPLASH BLOOD
ALL OVER THE ROOM
IS ANYBODY'S
GUESS.
WHAT KIND OF FUCKING GAME
IS THIS ANIMAL PLAYING ?
I WISH SOMEBODY
WOULD TELL ME THAT.
( fierce growling )
NICE PUPPY.
THAT'S A
GOOD BOY.
I DON'T FUCKING
BELIEVE THISSHIT.
( horn blowing )
( Richard )
THE BLOOD STOPS HERE,
UNTIL DWIGHT SPIKES AGAIN,
THE TRIAL'S COLD.
( Morrison )
Anything new
in Duffrey ?
Richard,
you still there ?
NO, IT'S MORE
OF THE SAME.
THIS MANIAC DEFINITELY HAS
AN INFLUENCE OVER THESE PEOPLE.
A LOT OF SERIAL KILLERS
CAN CHARM THEIR VICTIMS,
BUT THIS GUY'S
GOT IT IN SPADES.
Did you pack
your garlic ?
YEAH, RIGHT NEXT TO
MY CRUCIFIX.
IT'S TIME TO HIT THE PHONES,
I NEED TO FIND THAT PLANE.
IF ANYTHING COMES OVER THE WIRES
GIVE ME A CALL.
I'M STAYING AT
THE FALLING STAR MOTEL.
YOU GOT IT.
WHEN HELL
FREEZES OVER.
SORRY TO KEEP YOU
HOLDING, KATHERINE.
( Katherine )
I don't feel comfortable
bribing police officers.
IT TAKES PRACTICE,
YOU'LL GET THE HANG OF IT.
Yeah, I guess so.
WHERE ARE YOU STAYING
IN CASE I NEED YOU ?
The Falling Star Motel,
room 134.
YEAH ?
I HEAR IT'S
A PRETTY NICE PLACE.
GOOD LUCK,
KATHERINE.
Thanks.
GOD, I LOVE
THIS JOB.
( hysterical laughing )
EXCUSE ME.
HARD DAY ?
HARD LIFE.
YOU'RE NEXT,
DWIGHT.
WHAT'S THIS SHIT ?
YOUR FRIEND AT THE END OF
THE BAR ORDERED IT FOR YOU.
THAT'SFUNNY.
HE WAS JUST THERE
A SECOND AGO.
WHAT DID
HE LOOK LIKE ?
COULDN'T TELL,
HE WAS ALL DRESSED UP
FOR HALLOWEEN OR SOMETHING !
WHAT'D HE SAY ?!
JUST TO BRING YOU
THE DRINK.
WHERE'D HE GO ?!
I DON'T KNOW !
MISTER,
BACK OFF !
( flapping sound )
FUCK YOU, DWIGHT !
I'M NOT STOPPING,
FUCK YOU !
OH, MY GOD.
DEES.
WHAT THEFUCK
ARE YOU DOING HERE ?
TAKING BACK
MY STORY.
MORRISON PUT YOU
UP TO THIS ?
I DON'T SEE WHAT THAT
HAS TO DO WITH ANYTHING.
MORRISON SENT YOU DOWN HERE
TO PISS ME OFF.
HE'S FUCKIN'
WITH YOU.
I DON'T
BELIEVE YOU.
GIVE A FUCK !
GO ON HOME BEFORE
YOU REALLY MAKE ME MAD.
I DON'T NEED
SOME BITCH CUB REPORTER
SCREWING UP MY LEADS.
I DON'T NEED YOUR LEADS,
I HAVE MY OWN.
IS THAT RIGHT ?
MM-HMM.
I HAVE A COMPLETE SET
OF POLICE REPORTS
FROM THE CUMBERLAND COUNTY'S
SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT.
I TRACKED DOWN A VERY
COOPERATIVE CLERK
FROM THE FAA OFFICES
IN WASHINGTON.
AND I HAVE ALL THREE SETS
OF AUTOPSY PHOTOS !
LIKE I SAID, I'M TAKING
THIS STORY HOME.
NO.
YOU'RE JUST
PLAYING CATCH-UP.
WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA DO NEXT ?
I HAVE MY IDEAS.
WHERE YOU GOING ?
WAIT, WE'RE
TALKING HERE.
JIMMY, WHY DON'T WE CUT THIS
COMPETITION BULLSHIT ?
YOU WANT ME TO
TELL YOU THE TRUTH ?
I'M DRY.
SO ARE YOU,
RIGHT ?
DWIGHT WAS HERE,
HE JUST LEFT.
HE'S FLYING
RIGHT THIS MINUTE,
HE'S GONNA HAVE TO COME DOWN
SOONER OR LATER.
HE'S BEEN VERY LUCKY
THREE TIMES ALREADY.
HOW MANY MORE TIMES YOU THINK
THAT'S GONNA HAPPEN
BEFORE THIS STORY
BREAKS WIDE OPEN
AND WE LOSE HIM
FOR GOOD ?
YEAH, SO,
WHAT'S YOUR POINT ?
MY POINT IS THIS...
WE GOTTA GET A LEAD
ON THIS GUY SOON
OR WE'RE FUCKED.
TWO PEOPLE CAN DO THAT
KIND OF WORK FASTER THAN ONE.
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT I'M GONNA DO.
THIS IS THE BEST DEAL
YOU HAD ALL DAY.
IF YOU WORK WITH ME
ON THIS...
I'LL SHARE
MY BYLINE.
HOWVERY
GENEROUS OF YOU.
YOU LAUGH.
YES, I DO.
IT'S AS GOOD
AS IT GETS, BABY.
THE TRUTH IS,
IF IT COMES DOWN
TO JUST ME OR JUST YOU,
IT'S GONNA BE ME
ALL THE WAY.
SO WHAT
DO YOU THINK ?
YEAH, THAT'S WHAT
I NEED TO KNOW FROM YOU.
IT'S 1-0-1,
BRAVO LIMA.
OKAY, THANKS,
FORNOTHING.
PLEASE CALL ME
IF YOU SEE IT.
OKAY, BYE.
YES, I KNOW THERE'S
A FUCKING FAA WARNING
IN EVERY
FUCKING AIRPORT,
I ASKED IF YOU
SAW THE FUCKING THING !
YES, I'LL HOLD.
NO, I WON'T HOLD.
HIS NAME IS
DWIGHT RENFIELD.
JESUS, YES !
RENFIELD, DWIGHT !
RENFIELD !
DWIGHT RENFIELD,
ARE YOU DEAF ?!
BASTARD !
BITCH !
ANYTHING ?
NO.
YOU ?
HELL, NO.
WHAT ABOUT THAT ?
HE'S NOT GONNA HIT WILMINGTON,
IT'S WAY TOO BIG.
UH-HUH.
( phone ringing )
( man )
Wilmington Control,
this is Bill.
HI BILL, THIS IS
MERTIN MORRISON WITH THE FAA.
I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU COULD HELP ME OUT.
Always interested in helping
the FAA any way possible.
What can I
do for you ?
WE'RE CALLING ALL
THE COASTAL AIRFIELDS
LOOKIN' FOR AN AIRCRAFT
WE BELIEVE IS INVOLVED
IN SOME
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY.
THIS PARTICULAR PLANE
IS A SKY MASTER 3-3-7.
We got lots of those,
very reliable.
THIS IS ABLACK
SKY MASTER 3-3-7
WITH RED PIPING,
TAIL #1-0-1 BRAVO LIMA.
HAVE YOU SEEN
THE PLANE, BILL ?
SIR, HAVE YOU
SEEN THIS PLANE ?
SIR ?
No.
( dial tone )
HE WAS LYING.
YEAH, HE WAS.
NOW WHAT ?
NOW WE GET OUR ASSES
TO WILMINGTON.
IT'S TIME TO BAG
THIS PRICK, GO PACK.
I'LL BE BACK
IN TWO MINUTES.
DEES ?
WAY TOO EASY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ?
LET ME GO !
DEES !
OPEN THIS DOOR !
WHAT ARE YOU CRAZY ?!
DEES !
THANKS FOR
YOUR HELP, JIMMY.
BUT I DON'T
SHARE MY BYLINE,
AND I'M NOT SHARING
THE NIGHT FLIER EITHER.
HE'S ALL MINE.
OPEN THIS GODDAMN DOOR
RIGHT NOW !
DEES, SHIT !
WHAT DID
YOU TELL ME, DEES ?
THESE STORIES
CAN GET TO YOU.
THEY CAN CREEP INSIDE
LIKE SOME KIND OF CANCER.
ISN'T THAT WHAT YOU
WARNED ME ABOUT ?!
ISN'T THAT WHAT YOU SAID
HAPPENED TO DOTTIE WALSH ?!
SORRY, JIMMY,
YOU LOSE.
SEE YA ON
THE FRONT PAGE.
DEES !
SHIT !
GOD, FUCK !
LOOK OUT, LADIES
AND SENSATION SEEKERS,
A VERY BAD MAN
IS COMING YOUR WAY.
YOU'LL READ HIS REAL NAME
AND FORGET IT.
BUT THAT'S OKAY,
BECAUSE YOU'LL REMEMBER
MYNAME FOR HIM.
A NAME THAT'S GONNA PUT HIM
UP THERE WITH JACK THE RIPPER
AND THE CLEVELAND
TORSO MURDERER
AND THE BLACK DAHLIA.
YOU'LL REMEMBER
THE NIGHT FLIER.
COMING SOON TO A
CHECKOUT COUNTER NEARYOU.
( controller )
This is Runway 3-4,
descendant
maintain 3,000.
ROGER, FLIGHT HEADING
1-6-0,
LEAVING SIX
FOR 3,000,
7-0 DELTA ROMEO.
We got some nasty
weather down here.
WILMINGTON, THIS IS
7-0 DELTA ROMEO,
YOU GOT A SKY MASTER 3-3-7
DOWN THERE ON THE RAMP ?
TAIL #1-0-1
BRAVO LIMA ?
( static )
WILMINGTON THIS IS
7-0 DELTA ROMEO,
DID YOU GET
MY LAST TRANSMISSION ?
( people screaming )
( screams continue )
GODDAMNIT, WILMINGTON,
TALK TO ME !
WHAT'S GOING ON
DOWN THERE ?!
( evil voice )
Dees.
DWIGHT.
Turn around while
you still can, Richard.
I don't
want you here.
FUCK YOU ASSHOLE,
I'M NOT LETTING YOU GO.
DWIGHT,
YOU IN THERE, BUDDY ?
( wind howling )
( woman screaming )
FUCK.
NO MORE.
( vomiting )
( footsteps approaching )
( zipper unzipping )
( urinating )
( evil voice )
I'VE BEEN
WATCHING YOU, DEES.
I'VE BEEN WATCHING YOU
VERY CLOSELY.
YES, I KNOW YOU,
YOU SEE.
I KNOW...
ALL ABOUT YOU.
I TRUST YOU
NOW UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU CAN NEVER WRITE
WHAT YOU KNOW...
CAN NEVER REVEAL
WHAT YOU HAVE SEEN.
OPEN YOUR CAMERA,
NOW !
YOU'RE REAL.
SO ARE YOU,
FOR NOW AT LEAST.
THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE,
MY WOULD-BE BIOGRAPHER.
OPEN YOUR CAMERA
ORI'LLDO IT !
YOUR APPETITE FOR BLOOD
INTRIGUES ME.
WE HAVE A LOT
IN COMMON, YOU AND I.
PERHAPS YOU
NEED ME, DEES.
BUT THERE ARE OTHERS
WHO NEED ME AS WELL.
DON'T FEAR
FOR YOUR LIFE, DEES.
I HAVE NO INTENTION
OF KILLING YOU.
AFTER ALL,
WE ARE BROTHERS IN BLOOD,
ARE WE NOT ?
THIS SAD WORLD
WOULD BE MUCH SADDER
WITHOUT THE
LIKES OFYOU.
BESIDES,
I'VE FED
WELL TONIGHT.
SOVERYWELL.
BUT LISTEN CLOSELY,
MY INQUISITIVE FRIEND.
BECAUSE I SAY THIS
ONLY ONCE.
DO NOT FOLLOW ME
ANYMORE,
OR I WILL SWALLOW
YOU WHOLE.
THAT MUCH...
I PROMISE.
DWIGHT !
I NEED TO
SEE YOUR FACE !
SHOW IT TO ME,
DWIGHT !
SHOW IT TO ME.
I SUPPOSE IT WAS
INEVITABLE.
YOU'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR ME
ALL YOUR LIFE.
IN THE MORGUES,
IN THE GRAVEYARDS,
IN THE FACES OF
THE DEAD AND DYING.
YOUR WHOLE EXISTENCE
HAS BEEN A SEARCH FOR ME.
WELL, HERE
I AM, MY FRIEND.
AM I NOT ALL
THAT YOU HOPED FOR ?
AM I NOT ALL THAT
YOU THOUGHT I WOULD BE ?
( loud growling )
BELIEVE IN ME, RICHARD,
FOR IAMREAL.
YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW
WHAT HELL WAS LIKE.
NOW YOUWILLKNOW.
( voices whispering )
( girl sobbing )
YOU KNOW WHAT I HAD TO DO
TO GET THIS, RICHARD ?
I HAD TO PULL IT
OUT OF ME.
IT WAS SO COLD,
RICHARD.
SO COLD.
RICHARD, COULD YOU
LOOK THIS WAY ?
I'M DROWNING,
RICHARD.
I'M DROWNING.
I THOUGHT MAYBE
WE COULD BE FRIENDS.
LET ME
BE YOUR FRIEND.
YOU'VE BEEN HERE
BEFORE, RICHARD.
AND YOU'LL
BE HERE AGAIN.
AND AGAIN.
DWIGHT !
NO WAY, BABY !
IT AIN'T HAPPENING !
FREEZE,
ASSHOLE !
DROP IT !
YOU TOO.
I'LL CUT YOU TOO.
AAHHH... !
AAH !
WHO ARE YOU ?
KATHERINE BLAIR.
REPORTER...
"INSIDE VIEW".
PLEASE JUST,
KEEP YOUR DISTANCE.
"NEVER BELIEVE
WHAT YOU PUBLISH...
NEVER PUBLISH
WHAT YOU BELIEVE."
WHAT A
SICK BASTARD.
WHO THE FUCK
IS THIS GUY ?
HIS NAME IS
RICHARD DEES.
WE CALL HIM
"THE NIGHT FLIER".
SORRY, DEES.
YOU LOSE.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org